Good day dear subscribers and viewers
channel my name is andrew and today
let's see a pixel toy under
title think engine dungeon
doomed this printer pg old school
in the car pack you know where it is very yes
earlier such games made this field
gloomy with they went field pixel by
essentially everything is very simple we have one hero and
we don't manage maybe sit down either
the sword or the magic and pour in
we display the upper left corner
our life to someone icons team which
lurking use one point man his
here and so go out all kill swing
we are gaining experience and experience let's say
statistics for the next 6 parameters are
the strength of which here is our damage
which we wear
protection ie absorbed ron agility
to avoid damage during the making clear
have stamina
the will for magicians and my fishing rods such
such a parameter
purely so that it is now permissible
with each increase in each level
killing mobs of course we get
level for each one point
which we can spend there well
Let's say from hair that will increase
damage our saving the game also works
have inventory inventory we have three kinds
potions
let's say health potions gives you life
land amanda march 20 gives ya eats
your 10 antidote which treat their here
I gave the day like antifreeze which
freezing evening can only later
magical such here
about the quality of sauron that or other enemies
rub the flying shoes so you can
was for some reason go on
stairs, I have not yet met some
ladders okay yes you can even skeleton
transform nifigase to plus
some jokes that give
a shield that reflects about this, that's all
it's all inventory and
few things and even than not I found
honestly against us quickly
and the item quickly access and with comes to
it's empty
it could be dangerous to remember mana
there wanted that and the house and the upper right
corner we have a compass go
what will be here nowhere Odessa honestly
Here we have such a principle
we can step back praise so basically
yes throws
that is , we do not particularly hit in this
style the game is all very simple in
Basically there I will say yes at the beginning of the game you
can choose time and specialty i
chose let battle Lego farthing
and what is this firefly code me to you
my water magic we beat in the country
come down
but see here I can not move
cosmetic in shoes
to read what just need texture
so there are 6 in my opinion
or 5 and 6 classes and 4 times his
since it is a mark man elf cart
depending only choose tamara
different sciences are given to you
are distributed more precisely the leadership is waiting
I immediately also magic
you need to bullet volume and you can fluff it was
strong skeleton and reach the next
level let's pump over finished
dreams of mayhem nobody give more strength
pumping well peel me mano
you can not something not drink plug
brute
organic boots gold
cool so you can understand it here still
different magic if orosko freezes
slaughter then lightning so I understand the type
single circle or what
what is the last you do not know honestly
let's see and see in general
depending on your class you also
get captive and
on any bonuses something that would
removing playing overboard slide except
that nickname attack goes even more things
set will not try here such eyes
unusual general then such a game to someone
here I think it will be interesting to someone
because all the same people who
a little bit younger than i say yes
they have not met such here
dismantling the game to be honest for them
it may not even be new
and interesting changes therefore
on the principle I advise here such here before
there were games and there were a lot of them
were more to find with logical
critical this style trimmer
Well, I hope you liked it, but Andrei is
so put the likes subscribe to the channel and
see you on video all winter long on